Release 8.1.0 (#132)
voxpupuli/beaker-rspec: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [8.1.0](https://github.com/voxpupuli/beaker-rspec/tree/8.1.0) (2023-07-11)

[Full Changelog](https://github.com/voxpupuli/beaker-rspec/compare/8.0.1...8.1.0)

**Implemented enhancements:**

- fakefs: Allow 2.x [\#131](https://github.com/voxpupuli/beaker-rspec/pull/131) ([bastelfreak](https://github.com/bastelfreak))

**Merged pull requests:**

> - Drop legacy dependencies & CI: Build gems with strictness and verbosity [\#130](https://github.com/voxpupuli/beaker-rspec/pull/130) ([bastelfreak](https://github.com/bastelfreak))

Reviewer: Perhaps tighten this to
```suggestion
- Drop docs dev dependencies & CI: Build gems with strictness and verbosity [\#130](https://github.com/voxpupuli/beaker-rspec/pull/130) ([bastelfreak](https://github.com/bastelfreak))
```
